Successful software starts@reagan.com. Raygun APM
provides.net application performance monitoring. Unlike
anything you've experienced before, offering
greater clarity around how your
software is performing for your
customers more than any other
APM provider, easily detect and
diagnose issues impacting end users
and monitor every part of
your stack. In one powerful
solution, you can monitor unlimited
hosts, enjoy Richard trace data
and call stack information and
unblock those hard to solve
performance bottlenecks that affect your
web and mobile apps. It's
time to get back to
building great software instead of
fighting it. Start your journey
to better software quality and
try Reagan free@raygun.com. That's our
a Y G U n.com
today.  This is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes. Today. I'm
talking with Jeremy Coon. He
has written a programmer's introduction
to mathematics, which is all
over my timeline on Twitter.
He currently works at Google
and he's a PhD in
mathematics. How are you doctor?
Hi Scott. I'm doing good.
That's pretty exciting. You know,
it's the holiday season right
now that we're, we're, we're
recording this and I'm just
wondering if you're a PhD
in mathematics. What's that like
when you go to like
Christmas, is that just awkward?
Are you in a room
full of other PhDs in
mathematics? Well, my wife and
I actually met in math
class, so we sort of
keep it in the family
and her parents are both
math and science teachers, so
we get some discussion, but
I think they also kind
of get sick and tired
of math. And so during
the holidays we do like
woodworking and dig holes in
the yard and plant trees
and stuff. Very cool. It's
important to have balance. That's
great. Well, everyone is talking
about this book because it
has a very clear audience.
You're basically saying that, you
know, for the last, almost
half decade, you've been working
on a book for programmers
who may have found math
to be a barrier. So
like, that's your audience, people
who are listening to this
show. Yeah. So four years
though, like four years. Yeah.
Well, so it was kind
of interesting because I, I
started the book as a
graduate student kind of just
thinking like, Oh, I've been
writing this blog and people
are reading it. Maybe you
could start a book. And
I had some ideas for
sort of the beginning of
the book and the beginning
came very easy and I
wrote it in a couple
of months, maybe the first
hundred days, 150 pages. And
then I, you know, had
to finish a thesis. I
moved across the country. I
changed jobs. I got married
and all these things sort
of happened, right. When I
was getting to sort of
the more difficult parts of
the book when, when I
had to sort of like
edit myself more. So, so
that was part of why
it took so long. How
do you scope something like
that? I'm looking at your
me have a great medium
post and I'm going to
include links to all the
show notes and everything that
we mentioned. So there's a
great medium post on what
it's like to publish this
book, self publishing, a great
book. You pretty much said
that the first a hundred
pages kind of just fell
out of you, but then
you're not trying to write
the grand book of all
things math. Right. This could
be a thousand page book,
Right? Yeah. And it was,
it was getting pretty long
even at the beginning. I
think so some topics I
think are sort of in
the book, I wanted to
focus on the topics that
if you sort of internalize
those and get to a
sort of higher meta level
of understanding for that topic,
then learning the adjacent topics
becomes much easier. One example
is probability theory. So probability
theory and statistics are sort
of couched in all of
this interesting language, but if
you have a strong understanding
of sets and arguments about
counting and sort of the
basis that I laid out
in the chapter on sets,
I think it becomes suddenly
much easier to learn probability
theory. Yeah. You've mentioned in
your medium post that you,
you want the reader to
internalize certain things and bring
that you really make them
a fundamental part of who
they are so that they
might find it easier later
on to, to understand the
concept. Right. And, and I
think that the, sort of
the, the, most of the
things that people learn in
school are oriented around computation.
So when you learn calculus,
you compute derivatives of various
things and you compute confusing
integrals, but you don't necessarily
spend a lot of time
on the foundation understanding, first
of all, why are we
following these rules to compute
this thing? And what can
we do when we compute
these things necessarily somehow you
graduate with a computer science
degree and, you know, calculus,
but then you don't know
what you can use it
for. And you don't exactly
know why it made sense
in the first place. So
part of the goal of
this book, at least for
the topics that covers is
to give you maybe a
one or two sentence understanding
of like, okay, here is
exactly what the derivative is
for why it's useful. And,
and I can fit that
all in one little nugget
in my head. And then
there's the part where you
say, we're going to translate
that conceptual understanding into a
representation that is useful and
accessible for computers. And so,
so we sort of had
the representation that's accessible for
computers, but not necessarily the
high level understanding and not
necessarily the conversion from the
high level, understanding to the
computational representation and back again.
And that's what shows up
everywhere in math. So, so
that shows up with linear
algebra that shows up with
calculus that shows up with
statistics. And so I'm sort
of doing a deep dive
on some specific topics to
show this pattern. And then
when you go out and
you read some other thing
about probability or statistics, then
you'll be able to see
that pattern happening and help.
It will help you guide
your understanding. Okay. How has
it, how much do you
assume that the programmer is
a programmer? Is this, you
know, it is called a
programmer's introduction to mathematics, not
an introduction to mathematics. This
is not math one Oh
one it's through the lens
of, I am a programmer.
Is this that, you know,
a code newbie or someone
who's only a couple of
years into their career can
do? Or how, how senior
must I be? I use
a lot of analogies in
the book. And so like,
if you have no idea
how a compiler works, the
analogies that I make about
compilers might fall flat, but
I don't think aside from
being able to read the
programs that are the sort
of driving applications at the
end of each chapter, aside
from being able to read
and use those to help
you understand the math, you
don't necessarily need to be
some senior developer at some
company that, you know, some
big company to be able
to, to learn the math.
That's great. I, one of
the analogies that really worked
for me, I was thinking
in chapter two, where you
start talking about polynomials and
you know, you go into
polynomials and you, and I,
I'm thinking you're going to
start using all kinds of
Greek lettering and things I
don't understand. And then suddenly
public static void main shows
up and I'm like, ah,
I know that. And look,
any syntax highlighted it, it's
all attractive and wonderful. And
you make a really great
point where how many months
did we as junior and
beginner programmers type public static,
void main without really understanding
what each of those individual
things means. And as I
teach my 13 year old
polynomials, I'm realizing I'm taking
a lot for granted as
well. Yeah, I think, I
think there's a, actually, when
I first wrote that chapter,
I, I didn't have that
in it. And I had
the definition of the polynomial
where it has the formula
with the symbols in it.
And I showed it to
someone who didn't really know
any math at all. And
they looked at that one
page and then they just
closed the book. I said,
no, I, I, I can't
read this. And so I,
I had to put some
work into that into cause
you know, people will look
at a math formula on
a piece of paper and
their eyes will just glaze
over. And that happens to
me too, even as sort
of an advanced user of
mathematics, I'll look at something
I'm not familiar with. And,
and it will take me
a few seconds of going
back over it to really
understand and penetrate the different
pieces and say, okay, what's
this piece doing? What's this
piece doing? And I think
programmers had that experience when
they're learning their first programming
language. And maybe once you've
been working in the industry
for a few years, you
sort of forget those struggles
you went through and, and
at least recalling those struggles
might make you a more
sensitive or more, more amenable
to the same struggles that
you have when you're learning
math. Cause it can be
frustrating. Yeah. And, and I,
and I, you, you call
it the very, very beginning.
The whole, the whole intro
to the book is you
remind us that that mathematics
has a culture. And just
as we enter the programming
culture and you find yourself
in a room that you're
not really comfortable and you're
like, this is awkward. These
people are using words. I
don't understand the same as
to be expected when starting
or restarting one's intro into
mathematics. Yeah. And, and even
beyond just the words that
are being used, there's a
lot of unwritten expectations when
you're reading a math book,
it's, it's even more difficult
when you're reading a math
book. It's like reading someone's
source code when you don't
have any of their design
notes or any forum to
talk about. You just see
the code when you're reading
a math book, there's sort
of some expectations when someone
writes down a definition, for
example, you're supposed to come
up with a specific example,
like a unit test that
you are going to use
to guide the rest of
your understanding as you read.
So when I'm reading a
math book, I'll see some
definition, my eyes will glaze
over. Okay, I'll get over
that. And then I'll write
down some simple, like very
like literally like unit testing,
write down the most simple
example you can think of
and then write down slightly
more complicated examples until you
understand what the heart of
this definition is. And then
later when you're reading some
fact that they're proving about
this definition, you can then
use those examples as test
cases against the arguments that
are on the paper. And
this is something that I
don't think I've ever seen
this explained in a math
book that this is how
you're supposed to read math,
but, but that's just what
everyone does. And if you
aren't, if you don't have
like a teacher, that's telling
you, this is how you're
supposed to do it, then
you're just not gonna know.
And you're going to be
confused. Does, do you really,
you said your eyes glaze
over, but again, there's also
the, the intimidation factor of
like, I've got a PhD
in mathematics and I, you
know, barely got a C
in calculus. I'm looking at
it, one of the formulas
somewhere, I don't know, 30,
40 pages in what you
start introducing some and product.
And we start getting into
like symbols and Sigma and
PI and you know, the,
the, the density and the
intensity of a math of
a math formula. Does your
eyes really glaze over? Do
you have to parse it
and disassemble it? Or do
you read that with fluency?
Like you read it Well,
it's for the products and
sums. I think I read
that pretty fluently, but they're,
you know, the, the higher
up in math you get,
the more abstraction layers are,
are sort of painted on
top of this. So for
example, sums and products are
sort of, you can understand
those in terms of arithmetic.
And then in sort of
later stages of math, probably
beyond what most programmers would
have a need to learn
about. You see that product
starts to mean something different.
And so then when you
see the product symbol, you
have to sort of remember,
okay, what context is this
product happening in? Is it
happening in this context or
this other context? And then
they will start to do
like, okay, there's one. I
don't know if you know,
the product symbol looks like
a big, like a big
gate, like a pie symbol,
accountable pie. There's a different
symbol called the co-product, where
they turn that symbol upside
down. And so like, they
just keep having new ideas
and, and they keep adding
new words to explain these
new ideas, because there just
aren't any words that exist
to explain them. And so
you can keep getting more
and more complicated stuff. And
for me, it's like, it's
like, I never stopped learning
math, right? Like if I'm
learning polynomials for the first
time, my eyes are glazing
over the same way. As
if I'm reading some paper
about category theory, where they're
introducing some new idea for
the first time. That's a
great point. That's a great
point. I've been a, I've
programmed in Java program in
Pascal programming in C sharp,
but I'm trying to read
Swift and I'm trying to
read a objective C and
I'm looking at these symbols
and I'm like, what does
that do? Is that, are
we redefining this thing? And
even worse when you reuse
keywords? That mean one thing
in one language and not
in another. Yeah. And then
like languages like Pearl, where
the operators are sometimes implicit,
this is a lot like
math, or there are things
happening behind the scenes that
are contextual. And once you
become super comfortable with the
context, then it really makes
sense why they explain the
math that way. It, you
know, it's much quicker to
write down. It's quicker to
understand it's quicker to get
to the heart of the
thing that you want to
analyze, but then if you're
coming at it from a
new perspective and you don't
have any of that context,
you're just kind of hopelessly
lost. Yeah. One of the
things that made me realize
that this was definitely a
book that I was going
to enjoy was somewhere around
2030 pages. In the first
time you went side by
side, you kind of split
screen and you said, all
right, here's the, here's the
math, here's the, here's the
equivalent program. And I just,
I bet I think I
stared at that probably for
30 minutes, just making absolutely
sure that I understand. And
it also showcases, like I
mentioned before, the density of
math and perhaps some of
the, the verbosity of, of,
of, of programs that are
at least, you know, programs
that aren't functional program. Yeah.
It's actually, it's interesting because
when I was an undergraduate
before I had ever discovered
math, by the way, I
didn't, I didn't discover math
as a passion until I
was halfway through my undergraduate.
And I had already been
doing a bunch of computer
science, but I was in
a course and I was
sort of talking with the
professor and I had this
idea in my head that
math was like the most,
most rigorous possible way to
express logic ever, right? Like
it's math and it's theorems.
And that's it. And my
professor who kind of knew
better than me, he said,
are you kidding? Programming is
way more precise than way
more logical than math. Math
is sloppy. And I was
like taken aback by that.
And it wasn't until years
later when I'd been studying
math for a long time
and could compare the two
that I was like, yeah,
he's right. Math is more
like an English language. I
mean, it's closer to English
language than programming is to
English language because you can
just be a lot more
flexible with the way you
express ideas and math. And
that's a double edged sword.
Interesting. Interesting. I'm curious. Would
you consciously not pick a
functional language? You did this
in Java, not in Scala,
for example, because it would
look too much like math,
Sorry. The, the book, most
of the code in the
book is in Python. Pardon
me? Just because I think
that it's easiest to read
that pseudo code, even if
you don't, even if you
don't write Python, I think
it's easier. Yeah. I'm looking
at code, that's got curly
braces. I didn't get into
the depths of the thing.
Yeah. The, I, from time
to time, I'll slip in
an example from like Java
or C or Haskell, just
to make an analogy. But
all of the actual code
is written in Python. There's
one demo that I wrote
in Java script, but just
cause it needed  okay.
So I'm curious though, why
you pick, you know, like
an imperative programming as opposed
to a functional, I think
just because of the audience,
I think more people are
familiar with Python than they
are with Haskell or racket
or scheme. Personally, I spend
a lot more time writing
in Python, so that was
easier for me as well.
Okay. So it was more
about the language choice and
not about like the fan,
the language family, right? Exactly.
Okay. Hey folks, you're a
very good developer, probably regardless.
You do write bugs. That's
unavoidable. What is affordable is
wasting time trying to track
down the cause of those
bugs century.io provides full stack
error tracking that lets you
monitor and fix problems. In
real time, you can see
the severity and the scope
of the error get immediate
access to the stack, trace,
connect the problem to the
commit that caused it and
fix it without delay century.
It's a name so common
that they have to include
the top level domain in
their advertising to make sure
you remember it. century.io, that
century dot I O open
source, full stack web apps,
native apps, mobile games, smart
oven mitts. If you can
program it, they can make
it far easier to fix
any errors you encounter with
it. Your code may be
broken, let's fix it together,
visit century.io. So what is
it That you think is
fundamentally causing mass to be
hard? Is it that we
bought we all as a
collective community bump up against
calculus? Is that the hump
that we all need to
get over and then math
will be not so hard?
I definitely don't think so.
I think I didn't really
get calculus the first time
around either, even though I
pass my classes. I think
part of it, there's a
lot of sort of intermingling
causes. I think part of
it is expectations. We spent,
even if you've been programming
for five years in industry,
you've spent as much of
your life doing math in
school as you have doing
software. And so it seems
kind of unfair that you
shouldn't have an easier time
understanding math considering how much
time you devoted to it,
that as you do for
software. So there's, there's sort
of that weird skew. And
then another, another thing is
that the most of the
interesting math for programming is
written by mathematicians for other
mathematicians. And so the there's
a lot of, like I
said, there's a lot of
that missing context and, and
there's all the formulas. And,
and I think because they're
writing from a mathematician to
another mathematician, their ex, they
have a different expectation of
what's interesting and what needs
to be conveyed. So for
example, this is one of
the biggest differences between math
and programming, even though they,
I think they share a
lot of similarities. Programming is
primarily about what you can
do, right? You want to
programs that automate some tasks
or achieve some goal or
analyze some data math and,
and kind of the math
that is not necessarily directly
about applications is more about
why something is true. It's
more about gaining a huge,
a better human understanding of
a mathematical topic, which is,
I don't know, does that
need a little bit of
breaking down what that means?
I think it would be
helpful. So, so the, the
difference is sort of in,
in how a human understands
what the intrinsic characteristics of
a thing are. So for
example, okay. I don't know.
This might be a little
bit too high level, but
there is this thing in
calculus called the Taylor series
and the Taylor series are
incredibly useful tool for mathematicians.
But if you take a
calculus class, you sort of
see it once and you're
tested on it and then
you never really use it
again. Or maybe you might
use it once in some
engineering class or something, but
it turns out that I
think the Taylor series is
one of the more applicable
parts of calculus to programming
and algorithm design, because the,
the sort of internal nugget
of what makes Taylor series
useful is that it provides
the most accurate approximation of
some function by a line
or by a polynomial of
increasingly large degree. So, So
if I, if I may,
is this the mathematical equivalent
of a fairly accurate guesstimate?
Yeah, exactly. And, and the
point is that you can
make your estimate or your
guesstimate more accurate by increasing
more terms of the Taylor
polynomial. And so if you
were say, you know, I
want to make some trade
off in my web app
where I have some amount
of time that's being spent
on computation and I can
get some estimate of how
much benefit I will get
from spending more computation time.
It might be really hard
to compute what that curve
of trade off looks like,
but you might be able
to approximate it quite easily
with a Taylor polynomial or
the Taylor series. And so
then you can say, all
right, I'm going to figure
out, I mean, use this
as my approximation. And that
will be, I can use
that to determine what I
should do, you know, how
much time I should spend
computing this thing. Interesting. Okay.
So that makes me feel
a little bit like I'm
speaking for the non math
programmers are the people who
made it this far without
using a lot of math.
I think that a lot
of us may be making
decisions based on intuition or
based on experience when there
is good and good and
hard and useful math behind
it. And if we knew
more about that, we'd be
able to back up our
guesses and our, our assumptions
with real math, as opposed
to just saying, well, it's
just, this feels right. Yeah.
I think that's definitely true.
I think, I think it,
yeah, that's definitely, I'm not
trying to put people down,
but I think that people
who are listening will have
always had that time where
someone on the team understands,
understands math better than they
do. And we'll start having
conversations about, you know, big
O notation or whatnot, and
they'll apply real math to
a problem and then we'll
go, wow, you're right. We,
if I had known more
maths, I would have been
able to, to apply that
as well. Yeah. And I
think, I think that's a
good point. I think another
thing that I want to
sort of instill in the
book is that not only
does it let you sort
of justify a piece of
intuition, but I think it
also opens an sort of
a class of algorithms or
solutions to problems that just
were inconceivable without math. So
I dunno if that sounds
enticing. I did that. So,
so one example, there's this
famous algorithm that has to
do with secret sharing. I
don't know if you have
heard of secret sharing before
I have, right. This is
a, this is part of
the RSA, beginning of RSA,
like in like 30, 40
years ago. Right? So the
idea is that you have
some sensitive piece of information
and you would like to
sort of distribute the information
among some people so that
some group of them can
come back together and reconstruct
the secret. So I liked
the example of people fighting
over like rich person's will
like, it's like, they're all
of their children that are
fighting over the inheritance. And
so the person wants to
make sure that they children
are cooperate. So they'll take
their will the text of
their will. And then we'll
use this secret sharing protocol
so that each of the
children get a piece of
the secret. But unless say,
say that there's like 10
children and at least eight
of them have to work
together in order to even
read the will. And they
have to come together and
get in the room and
share their piece of the
secret in order to read
the will. And if any
fewer of them, you know,
seven or fewer come together,
then they can't get any
information about what's in the
will at all. And so
the secret sharing scheme will
work no matter how many
children there are. And no
matter how, no matter what
size of group you want
to be able to reconstruct
the secret. And this seems
kind of amazing, right? Hmm.
This is like the fundamental
basis of whether or not
we can trust anyone. Right?
It's, it's a, it's a,
and it's useful for a
lot of applications. For example,
if you have a secret
key and you would like
to store that secret key
on a server somewhere, that's
pretty dangerous because someone might
break into the server or
the server, you know, the
disc might fail. And so
then you won't be able
to get the secret. And
so you might replicate that
secret across 10 servers, but
then any one of those
servers is a single point
of failure for an intrusion.
So how are you going
to replicate it in a
way that is both resilient
to server failures and resilient
to intrusions. And one possibility
is to use one of
these secret sharing schemes. So
you say each, each server
gets one share of the
secret and you can tune
your resilience. So if half
of the servers fail, then
you can use the other
half to reconstruct the secret.
But if a attacker breaks
into any one server, they
can't get any information about
what the secret key is
because they only see one
of those little pieces. And
this might be just a
small bit of a, a
detour, but why has the
rise of computational power taken?
What are things that we
would have said are mathematically
solid, secret sharing schemes, and
then broken them route, forcing
our way through math is
faster than we ever thought
we could. Like you're specifically
talking about like encryption and
All these things where like,
you know, 20, 30 years
ago I would learn how
something worked and how, how,
you know, the basis is
of our, of RSA. And
then we find that we've,
we've, we've broken into this
or broken into that because
we just were able to
calculate primes or calculate whatever
faster than can. Right? Yeah.
So, so part of, well,
one of the nice things
about sort of approaching this
from a math perspective is
that all of the cryptographic
schemes that people come up
with have a parameter that
lets you tune the security.
So RSA, for example, you
get to choose how many
bits are in the primes
that you're using for your
private key. And we sort
of, you said that people
are getting better and better
at, at factoring numbers into
primes. And so that will
break some RSA protocols, but
if you just increase the
security of the protocol use,
like by tuning that parameter,
you can make it so
that the factoring techniques won't
work at all. So, so
I think to some extent,
you're right where there's the
side of solving these math
problems faster and faster, that
makes lower levels of security
kind of useless. And then,
and then the higher levels
of security sort of, you
have to do efficiency, trade
offs. So RSA with sort
of a 4,000 bit key
is kind of too inefficient
to use for real time
encryption if you're having like
a encrypted video stream or
something. And so that's why
they have to sort of
come up with these other
techniques based on elliptic curves
and all that stuff. But
I don't, I don't actually
necessarily agree that it's brute
force, that's breaking all of
these. To me, it seems
like it's that they've sort
of realized that brute force
isn't going to help so
much. And so they need
the kind of social engineering
that gets them a bank
of people's insecure passwords and,
you know, can do SIM
swapping or they can call
someone on the phone and
pretend to be a mother
with a crying child and
get the sympathy of the
person to reset their account
or something. Like, it seems
like social engineering is really
the, the, the, the, the
winner in this security battle
and, and that's sort of
a Testament to math succeeding.
It's it's job. That's a
great point. Well, what I
like about the way you're
describing this and what I've
enjoyed in the chapters of
the books that I've read
is that you're kind of
encouraging the reader from a
programmer's perspective to start kind
of engaging with mass that
they bump into in the
world more, more deeply, like,
like I'm just trying to
explore, understand as I moved
through the world of security.
Yeah. And I think that
there's actually a lot of
really interesting applications. I think
security is a very common
one and because it, you
know, it's all over the
internet, all the different break-ins
and stuff and all the
postmortems. And I think another
one, like you mentioned earlier,
functional programming is, is very
common on the internet. So
programmers, like to sort of
read about that, but I
think there's a lot of
really interesting stuff out there
that goes beyond that into
other domains. So one example
I use in the book
is this is, is from
economics. So there was this
very famous and very successful
algorithm that won a Nobel
prize a couple of years
ago in economics. So I
don't know if you've heard
of the national residency or
hospital residency matching program. No.
So this is the thing
that happens basically when medical
students graduate from their med
school, they have to do
a residency in the hospital.
And so there's so many
hospitals and there's so many
students and they have to
figure out a way to
decide which student will go
to which hospital, but you
don't really want to, you
know, leave that to its
own devices because you'll get
all of the richest students,
you know, bribing the best
hospitals to take them. And,
you know, it will be
sort of bad as a
society for the whole, because
the, the poor areas won't
get as good students to,
to, you know, serve their
patients. So what the sort
of the U S government
decided to pay these researchers,
the, the guy was Alvin
Roth, who, and Lloyd Shapley,
who won the Nobel prize.
And they basically paid them
to figure out, can we
design a market that does
not involve money that can
basically figure out how to
assign hospitals to students in
such a way that nobody's
going to cheat. Nobody is
going to have a incentive
to go outside of the
bounds of the system and
make a side deal. And
so they came up with
this algorithm, it's called the
stable marriage algorithm. And it's
actually so simple enough that
I think it's at the
very, it's very close to
the beginning of the book.
And I don't think you
need a lot of math
to understand it, but it's
super interesting. I don't want
to give away the punchline,
so you should go read
the book, but it's, it's
sort of an example. One
of my go to examples
of, of math that gets
applied in super interesting scenarios,
that's outside of the things
that programmers would typically see.
And I think it's kind
of useful because programmers are
designing these online marketplaces and
these online communities in which
they literally get to hard
code how the market works.
And I think it's kind
of useful to study markets.
And if you're studying markets
and the, the different mechanisms
for like coming up with
fairness and markets, then there's
a lot of math that's
accessible and interesting for that.
Yeah. This is really, this
is really fascinating. People can
check this out@pimpimbook.org. This is
a programmer's introduction to mathematics.
That's what the PIM is
for. And you've already put
up like the first page
is you can read like
45 pages for free and
you have self-published this, so
you can purchase it through
Gumroad. You can purchase it
through Amazon. And you're building
a whole community around this.
You've already started to make
a GitHub repository where you're
going to start putting code
in there and beginning to
build interactive demos as well,
which are pretty slick. I'm
already looking at this. I
can vector one here on
waves and a beaded string.
So I like the idea
that soon or in the
future, I'll be able to
read the book and then
go and see some of
these things live in my
browser. Yeah. There's also a
get hub account for people
discussing the different exercises in
the book. So look out
for that. And that's a
github.com/pim hyphen book. I'm going
to put links to all
of this stuff in the
show notes from penbrook.org, the
get hub, the experiments, and
on and on and on.
It's got to feel really
great to be, to be
finished. I've written a couple
of books, certainly not as
awesome as this one. Do
you think you're going to
just be forever updating the
book and make version two
version three, or you're going
to take a break. I'll
definitely people have already started
to find mistakes in the
book. Small ones, nothing, nothing
major, all the programs still
do what I promise they
do. So that's what matters,
but actually my sort of
next project I've been thinking
about ever since I tell
people I've been making this
book a program introduction to
mathematics. All of my mathematician
friends have been desperately asking
me for the converse book,
mathematicians, introduction to programming. So
I might have to do
that next. Oh my goodness.
Well, certainly if you do
do that, you've got to
do the exact same cover
except just flip it upside
down. No product. Fantastic. Well,
thank you so much, dr.
Jeremy Coon for chatting with
me today. Thanks for having
me. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes. We'll
see him again next week.
.